Oh
we
euro-pro pacino manner from death mask
I do you think that the foundation of
our part of our band you know majority
of it probably more than metal
percentile but um you know I think all
the all the other elements in the music
huh you know offset it I definitely
think that you know but a derivative of
metal in I just think it's done in a
different way I mean it's not the way
that that metal traditionally is done i
think i'm just took some of some of the
basic idea or just you know the
heaviness of it and you know just added
new elements and made it what it is do
you think Deftones fills the hole that
brunch gift well a lot of people are
saying that you know that where we are
the new the new style of metal in the
new genre of music that's going to be
the next big thing in it that's just
there's there's a part of me that you
know takes that and you know you know it
gets excited on him about hearing that
but at the same time it's like you know
they they hyped up the whole grunge
thing you know really big and you know
once it became commercial then everybody
thought it was passé and it was it
lasted for a couple years and then it
was gone and our main goal in this band
i think is longevity and i think the
only way that we're going to continue to
have that longevity is to is to stand on
our own and be and just be our own band
and try not to fit in too much with a
certain scene